Update upgrade-to-cilium.md with AWS CNI Pod Subnets note (#29)
giantswarm/handbook: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - added note about remaining AWS CNI Pod subnets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added note about AWS CNI Pod subnets in the Cilium to AWS switch document.
```
